Host Muhammad Ali Raza (Urdu, Arabic محمد علی رضاء) was born on 29th Al-Jum`ah (Friday) of the month of Muharram, 1412 (Hijri). (approximately 09 August 1991) is a Pakistani who has traveled widely as a ( Writer, Reciter & Hosting) and Anchor Person of Television Program. Muhammad Ali Raza's Associate Engineer in Electronics & Master in Urdu & Religious studies Holy Quran & Holy Bible qualifications. Muhammad Ali Raza received his middle education from Pakistan Railways Beacon House School System Lahore, completed his Associate Engineering in Electronics from Punjab Board of Technical Education, Master's education from Allama Iqbal Open University Islamabad and Biblical Study from "The Salvation Army Church Pakistan" (Gospel Ministries Corps) & DV (Daily Verses Organization) Bible Institute Lahore for religious education. Among the religious teachers of Muhammad Ali Raza the name top of the list "Dr. Muhammad Tahir-ul-Qadri", "Dr. Israr Ahmed (late)", "Muhammad Ishaq Madni (late)", "Professor Sumel Hasret (Late)", "Pastor Rev. Jamil Nasir", "Professor Imtiaz Inayat", "Evangelist Tabish Qazi" and Pastor Stephen Youssef. Teachers in showbiz industry "Qavi Khan", "Ismail Tara", "Iftikhar Thakur", "Firdous Jamal" showbiz industry names comes in the list. His father's name is Muhammad Ashraf known as (Ashraf Lakhpati) he is a Ex. Prime Minister of Pakistan Railways Worker Union. His father has also received the world's largest labor award (Chicago Award). Muhammad Ali Raza's two Brothers Muhammad Ali Raza and Muhammad Mateen. His favorite personality is "Jesus Christ (عیسیٰ یِسُوع مسیح ابنِ مَریم) and Ala Hazrat Imam Ahmed Raza Khan. Muhammad Ali Raza is a Businesses Man he's Chief Executive of organization (A 2 Z Printers, Royal Park)۔
Host Muhammad Ali Raza Wife & Children
The host Muhammad Ali Raza also has a son named "Muhammad Mustafa Raza" (Urdu, Arabic: محمد مصطفےٰ رضاء ) born 06 November 2020, approximately Rabi Al Awwal 20, 1442 Al-Jum`ah (Friday). Muhammad Ali Raza says that he is very young now. I want him to do whatever he wants with his help. I love my son very much. I want him to make his father's name in the World more than me. Let him build his world and future because this time is his and the coming time is his. May God always make him Successful. My prayers and best wishes are always with my son Mustafa Raza. This is the time of our children. They can incorporate this time in their life as they wish in terms of business or leisure. Host Muhammad Ali Raza's wife's name is “Fariha Narmeen" (Fariha Raza or Fariha Ali) may be not confirm the exact name of his wife. Success should be found only in good deeds. He says that his wife "Fariha Narmeen" Concerned about the child's future, He says that this concern is an example of Mustafa Raza's success.
Host Muhammad Ali Raza Tv Programs
Host Muhammad Ali Raza is the leading television program hosted by the hosts to host on the most popular tv channels of Pakistan. Most of whom are the most popular programs “Mulaqaat, Shama-e-Ala Hazrat, Laws of Islam, The Karobaar, Allah Walay Log, Al-Qiyamah (القیامۃ) The Day Of Judgement" Adbi Log ( ادبی لوگ ) & Coffee with Muhammad Ali Raza etc.. There are highly appreciated programs, which led to Muhammad Ali Raza's popularity in the world. Let us tell you more about Muhammad Ali Raza's start in the showbiz industry. He won a Speech Competition in his School Life which was held at Al-Hamra Hall Lahore, which was chaired by former Chief Minister of Punjab Chaudhry Parvez Elahi and from there. His first journey in life started with Radio FM 100 and today he is popular all over the world.
Host Muhammad Ali Raza Quran Translation
How can you forget the translation Al-Quran in the voice of Muhammad Ali Reza? If Muhammad Ali Raza is known in the world, he is just because of the translation of al-Quran in his beautiful style. Well, so many of his work is such that because of his knowledge in the world, but this work only. Host Muhammad Ali Raza only has God's grace that Allah has taken such a great and good work. Biggest Work of Muhammad Ali Raza, Translation of Al-Qura'an ul Kareem in this Voice with "Shaikh Abdul Rehman Al Suddais". Ala Hazrat Imam "Ahmad Raza Khan Hanfi Barelvi" r.a. wrote the translation in Urdu and Hindi Language. It has been subsequently translated into other European and South Asian languages including English, Hindi, Bengali, Dutch, Turkish, Sindhi, Gujarati and Pashto etc. . . The voice of Host Muhammad Ali Raza is the voice that rules the hearts. Every morning we start by listening to his voice, the daily recitation of the Holy Quran on television, which we listen to the translation in the voice of the host Muhammad Ali Raza and Apart from this, we get to hear and see the magic of his voice in the famous Turkish drama serial, Urdu dubbing of English films and more television commercials.
Holy Bible in Voice of Host Muhammad Ali Raza
Not only this, there is also a record of the complete "Holy Bible (Gospel)" in Muhammad Ali Raza's voice, which is a different style of his love for our brothers and sisters in Christ. Christianity has a lot of love for our Muhammad Ali Raza why not Muhammad Ali Raza always says one thing which is part of God's word "God is love and loves love". Thousands of Christians enlighten their hearts by listening to the "Holy Gospel" in the magical voice of Muhammad Ali Raza.
Host Muhammad Ali Raza Naat
Host Muhammad Ali Raza his first naat album was released in 2002 and after that numerous albums have been released. There are 47 albums release till to date. The Biggest Volume Released in Ramadan All in One Album (2002 from till now) of Muhammad Ali Raza Master's Collection International Rel-easement for this Album "Jaan-e-Rehmat Hain Mere Mustafa (ص) (Master Collection)" There are around five hundred Hamd (حمد) Naatiya Kalaاm, Manqabat (منقبت), and Poems old and latest etc..included in this album which is a masterpiece of the host Muhammad Ali Raza's own voice.
Host Muhammad Ali Raza Poetry & Books
This is not an ordinary person, a humble and simple person, the host Muhammad Ali Raza is not only a program host, but he is also a very good poet and writer, some of his famous books “Waseela-e-Bakhshish وَسیلہءِبخشش, Unwan-e-Dard عُنوانِ دَرد, Shama-e-Ala Hazrat شَمَعِ علیٰ حضرت , Al-Qiyamah القیامہ (the World's Last Day) are the most popular books.        
